[docs] Add Assets guide to Home (#28331)
expo/expo: docs/pages/develop/user-interface/fonts.mdx

## Wait for fonts to load

If you [embed your fonts in your native project](#embed-font-in-a-native-project), they will be available immediately without any additional code outside the config plugin. However, if you load your fonts at runtime, they will not be available immediately. So, it is generally a good practice not to render anything until the font is ready. Instead, you can continue to display the Splash Screen of your app until all fonts have loaded (or an error has been returned). It is done using [`expo-splash-screen`](/versions/latest/sdk/splash-screen/) package. See the [minimal example](#minimal-example) section on how to use it.

### Load fonts on the web

> Sometimes, particularly on the web people choose to render their content in a platform default font while their custom font is loading. Alternatively, to render the rest of their content, that doesn't depend on the custom font while the font is loading. These approaches are called [Flash of Unstyled Text (FOUT), Flash of Invisible Text (FOIT), and Flash of Faux Text (FOFT)](https://css-tricks.com/fout-foit-foft/).

Author: WIthin this section, in the next paragraph we do explain these strategies are not useful for native apps. 

![CleanShot 2024-05-05 at 13 15 14@2x](https://github.com/expo/expo/assets/10234615/ebb09b4e-2649-4552-9d93-842c29dfbe6e)

I like your suggestion that it does sound out of scope. So let's remove this.

In general, these strategies are not recommended for native apps. If you include your fonts in your project, the fonts will always be delivered to the user by the time your code is running. The one exception to this is that you may prefer to do this on the web.

### Handle `@expo/vector-icons` initial load

> The default behavior of `@expo/vector-icons` icons is a FOIT on the first load. On subsequent loads, the font will be automatically cached. You can preload fonts during the initial loading screen with [`useFonts`](/versions/latest/sdk/font/#usefontsmap). For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before `@expo/vector-icons` icons load for the fist time, they'll appear as invisible icons in your app. Once they load, they'll be cached for all subsequent uses of the app. To avoid showing invisible icons on your app's first load, you can preload fonts during the initial loading screen with [`useFonts`](/versions/latest/sdk/font/#usefontsmap). For example:
```
I think we should remove `FOIT` here. Reasons:
- FOIT is not a common term as far as i know
- we do define it just above this, but it's so similar to the other two strategies that it's hard to remember what FOIT is without looking again.

Again, if you think this works, no need to accept my changes!

```jsx App.js
useFonts([require('./assets/fonts/ComicSans.ttf', FontAwesome.font)]);
```

## Additional information

> You probably don't need to know anything beyond this point to use custom fonts effectively in your app. If you are curious or your use case has not been addressed by the above information, continue reading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

thanks for removing "please". this is another paragraph i think we could delete entirely, since it's easy to see headers and decide if you'd like to continue reading or not.
